React Native tutorial updates (#637)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/tutorial/react-native.txt

      .. code-block:: shell
         
         cd ios
         npx pod-install

   .. step:: Build the App

      At this point, you should have a fully functional React Native app
      that can run on iOS, Android, or both.

>       If you encounter an error or otherwise haveissues, make sure that your

Reviewer: Oops, looks like this typo persisted!
```suggestion
      If you encounter an error or otherwise have issues, make sure that your
```

                  
                  npm run android

>                If you encounter an error or otherwise haveissues, make sure that

Reviewer: Looks like there's a typo:

```suggestion
               If you encounter an error or otherwise have issues, make sure that
```

But more broadly, this tip [on the current version of the page](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/tutorial/react-native/#build-the-app) is _outside_ of the Android tab, and I assume the advice about making sure your React Native environment is set up correctly is applicable to both iOS _and_ Android. So maybe the tip should remain, and only the paragraph about the `.gradlew` error should be included within the Android tab content?

Author: Great point! I moved the info about the RN environment to above the tabs.

   * - ``ItemSchema.tsx``
       
     - The ``Item`` class, including its object data model. We import this
       class in ``RealmContext.ts`` to include it in the app's overall Realm
       class in ``AppWrapper.tsx`` to include it in the app's overall Realm
       schema.
     

>    * - ``RealmContext.ts``

Reviewer: I notice you're removing RealmContext from here - should `AppWrapper.tsx` have an entry in this table?

Author: Good catch. I added it, with some info.
